# Basic get to know your self questions 1) What would you want to see more into your new role

I would want  to see more


2) What do you must like and dislike of your current role

4 principals of OOP
1) what is Encaplsation 
Encaplastion allows us to  take a piece of code that is repetitive and put it into a function. 
Usually we would want to make the function as reusable as possible so that we are able to call that function in other parts of are program, 
and allow it to take parameters that give us different resultsIn turn Encapacltion allows for a cleaner and more reusable code base.

2) WHAT IS INHERITANCEInheritance 
allows us to to inherit or take all of another class functions and properties and use those in a brand new class where we can create new properties in. 
Basically Inhetrinces allows use to reuse code,  keeping are code base shorter and more ogrinazed.

// This one needs more work of understanding
3) what is abstraction
Abstraction is where you have a class with functions that are already create and ready to use.
 This was you have abstract class that has set functions that already do what they need to do.

Polymorphism can be applied in two simple ways
Method Overloading
Method Overriding

1) Method Overloading1.a) When a class has multiple methods with the same names but a different set of parameters, it is called Method overloading. 
You can proceed with method overloading, only if your methods satisfy any one of the following rules 
 Have method with the same name and different parameters, or return types.

// this one needs work and more understanding

2) Method Overriding
1.A)The second way to go ahead with polymorphism is method overriding. This is only possible if a subclass ( or ) 
sister class has the same method as the parent class.
 Much like Method overloading, there are also some rules for method overriding to work.
 so if your subclass has a method name function1
 Then class A, and B inheited or extend that Then they can call that same function however you can changes
 what that function does when there call so A and B could have two different implenations of Function 1
 and depending on which class is called, Then that implentation of it will happens



What is the difference between abstract class and interface 
So two different classes have the same method  and one class is used  as interface or is inheritedthe method will 
need the same parameters and return types,but then inside the function the function can implant different code, 
and depend on when you create the object and call that function, it will do the implanted code that was done in that septic class.


abstact class is where you can have pre named function that are not implented adn have functions that are implmented
where then a class can intehit and the functions that are not implmented that class can create there own implention of them
and where the ones that are implented that class will now be able to implemnt them as well

Where as interface all the function are not implented yet, and is used for a class to inhiterit it, and make its own implention of those set functigons
An interface is an empty shell. There are only the signatures of the methods, which implies that the methods do not have a body. The interface can't do anything. It's just a pattern.





What is a Singleton
a class where you tend to only have a single instance of that class, or struct

mainly to orgainze a bunch of global varibles and static functions that may or may not act apon those varibles

no constructor or we will need to instanitate it.

Use unique_ptr when you want a single pointer to an object that will be reclaimed when that single pointer is destroyed. this unqiue pointer can not
coppy other unique pointers

Use shared_ptr when you want multiple pointers to the same resource. Shared pinters can always equal eachoter hae mutiples the ref counter will go up 



Intermediate experience with modern C++ 
(smart pointers, containers, maps), 
and use of abstract classes with pure virtual methods


What is the most proudest project you have worked on?
The most proudest project that i have worked on was  createing the radar control for my current employer

what was a challenging thing that you had to over come in the project?


What would you want to see more into your new role

What do you must like and dislike of your current role


merge a linked list using Java api
thread pool
thread join and fork
microsevices design patterns
star pattern behavioral interview

String or stack based easy leetcode

Then in the technical part they told me to write a program which do some calculations with a list of intigers.

Tell me a challenging project you were a part of.

How would you sort a list? Follow up : What is the most efficient way to find a number in a list

What is a REST API?

Tell me about you as a person

Which frameworks do you prefer to use for x type of development

 basic algorithm questions and one system design question.

 Explain the process of a user visiting a web page. What HTTP methods are involved?

 Tell me about challenges you faced with group members while doing group project ?

 Explain how you handled a stressful situation.

 Q1. Questions on C++. Was asked to implement a queue with key and value pair,
 
  questions on C++ concepts like oops, 
  
 Shallow copy -> You just copy the pointer address, 
 basically the your new variable will point to the original object's memory location. 
 Thus, if your new variable is modified, the original object will get modified.
 eg int b = new int(10); int* a = &b. 

Deep copy -> The original object is copied physically copied
and your new variable will hold that copy. 
If your new variable is modified, the original object will not be modified,
as it is physically a different thing. eg int b = 10; int a = b.

  what are function pointers ( void pointers?)
  Function pointers allows for you functions to become pointers, so you can have a varible set to that void function and 
  what it does it take the instructions of that function and stores it in are varible

  a good example is you can add function pointer to paramet of different function
  Then if you have have other functions you want to call inside that you can start passing the actual functions as aparemet to 
  the function that has the function pinter parameters

  Tell me about virtual Function


  
  smart pointer etc.

  A pointer is a variable that stores the memory address of an object. 
  Pointers are used extensively in both C and C++ for three main purposes: to 
  allocate new objects on the heap, to pass functions to other functions. to 
  iterate over elements in arrays or other data structures.

   reference variable is an alias, that is, another name for an already existing variable. 
   Once a reference is initialized with a variable, either the variable name or the 
   reference name may be used to refer to the variable.

    a pointer variable points to a variable whose memory location is stored in it. 
    The reference variable is an alias for a variable which is assigned to it.


How would you sort a list and what is the most efficient way to find a number in a list 
I would use quick sort to sort a list

You want pick a pivot element in an array then
Go from right to left if the number is bigger then the pivoit then put that before it and if it’s smaller then put that behind it.
Once you can’t do this anymore break it up and then redo the process until it’s fully sorted


If the array is sorted I would use binary search
Which is when we start in the middle of the array and compare it the number we want to find, if it isn’t the number we 
know can get rid of that half then repeat the process until we find the number

Merge sort is better for larger satay sets quick sort is better for small data sets

The constructor is a member function that is executed automatically whenever an object is created. Constructors have the same name 
as the class of which they are members so that compiler knows that the member function is a constructor. 
And no return type is used for constructors.

Compare compile time polymorphism
now at compile time which method will be called.
It provides fast execution because it is known at the compile time.
It is achieved by function overloading and operator overloading.

Runtime polymorphism
In this method, we come to know at run time which method will be called. 
The call is not resolved by the compiler.

It provides slow execution compared to compile-time polymorphism because it is known at the run time.
t can be achieved by virtual functions and pointers.

What do you know about friend class and friend function?

A friend class can access private, protected, and public members of other classes in which it is declared as friends.
Like friend class, friend function can also access private, protected, and public members. But, Friend functions are not member functions.

What are the C++ access specifiers?
Public: All data members and member functions are accessible outside the class.
Protected: All data members and member functions are accessible inside the class and to the derived class.
Private: All data members and member functions are not accessible outside the class.

What do you mean by abstraction in C++?
Abstraction is the process of showing the essential details to the user and hiding the details which we don’t want to show to the user or 
hiding the details which are irrelevant to a particular user

Is deconstructor overloading possible? If yes then explain and if no then why?
No destructor overloading is not possible. Destructors take no arguments, 
so there’s only one way to destroy an object. That’s the reason destructor overloading is not possible.

What do you mean by call by value and call by reference?

In call by value method, we pass a copy of the parameter is passed to the functions. 
For these copied values a new memory is assigned and changes made to these values do not reflect the variable in the main function.

In call by reference method, we pass the address of the variable and the address is used to access the actual 
argument used in the function call. So changes made in the parameter alter the passing argument.


 What are the static members and static member functions?
When a variable in a class is declared static, space for it is allocated for the lifetime of the program. No matter how many objects of that class have been created, 
there is only one copy of the static member. So same static member can be accessed by all the objects of that class.

What is "this" pointer in C++?

The member functions of every object have a pointer named this, which points to the object itself. T
he value of this is set to the address of the object for which it is called. It can be used to access the data in the object it points to.

How do you allocate and deallocate memory in C++
he new operator is used for memory allocation and deletes operator is used for memory deallocation in







ABOUT me
Tell us about yourself?
Currently im working in a c++ backend software role doing devlopment for the
aegis system
My day consits of wiritng new devlopment features for the system and doing bug fixes, and 

Before this job i was mianly in college working on my CS degree, 
while also working part time for another company doing C#

currently for my future goals is to find more challeging opputines that can help 
me grow as a software devloper

Why do you want to work at Comcast?
I want to work at comcast because comcast seems like an exciting company
 looking from the outside it seems like theres a lot of oputiny for devlpoment 
 espically with stream services, and cable tv and movies becoming bigger then ever before

 What is your greatest strength
I would have to say my greatest strength is never giving up and always trying to 
aceive contnous growth
when i recive a problem i always make sure to complete it no matter the challenges
that it my face, and im always on my free time trying to learn new and more techologies to stay up with current
times and best partices


What is your greatest weakness?

a big weakness of mine is i work to hard, once i find a problem very intresting, and hard to solve, i feel as if i 
can get every into it, and will continue working until i have figure out the problem.
Sadly because thois i sometimes will  neglect my friends and family, and other responseabilites

Why should we hire you?
i believe you should hire me because i already have decent work expirence in 
c++ and working in a big code base, that is currently moved into micro services
I have knowedlge of working in a agile envoriment with a team.
and using version control tools
with that being said i think my skill set would be a good asset to this position


Who are Comcast’s competitors?
AT&T, Dish, Charter Spectrum, Verizon, T-Mobile (US), EarthLink, Liberty Global.

What motivates you?
learning new things and tech that is in our field
Coming up with creative ideas to improve something, or make something new
Finding a way to solve a problem, or overcome a challenge

 How did you find this job?
 i beleive it was indeed and then i sumbited my resume from there

 Where do you see yourself in 5 years
 Currently id see myself hoefully being in a senior role  as a c++ devloper
 taking on more responsites  and hopefully maybe being able to lead a new project one day

 What do you like most about your current or last job
 I honestly love everything about my job and have great time here
 the only thing is i feel that I have learned all I can in that role and are now looking for new challenges.

 The most chllenging part i had to over come was fitting these control in the legacy system, working on very lose base requirments from the cutmoer
this was challenging because the custimer wasnt sure want they wanted so there were many re itterations of itwhile we tested it to gether and
 i would have to come up with  solutions on the fly to give them exactly what they wanted


What are the different data types present in C++?
The 4 data types in C++ are given below:

Primitive Datatype(basic datatype). Example- char, short, int, float, long, double, bool, etc.
Derived datatype. Example- array, pointer, etc.
Enumeration. Example- enum
User-defined data types. Example- structure, class, etc


They had asked what function overloading is, what function overriding is, and which one is 

static vs dynamic
Static varibles are only one per object so if object A, changes 3 it changes for all objects
including A, and B

Dynamic
Varbiles are not set per object so object A and B could have the same
varbile name but two different values for that varbile 
#include <iostream>
class A {
 public:
  int one = 2;
  int two = 9;
  static int three;
 A(int one1, int two2) : one(one1), two(two2) {};
 A (){};
};

int A::three = 0;
int main() {
    
    A _a;
    A _b;
    std::cout << _a.one <<std::endl;
    std::cout << _a.two <<std::endl;
    _a.three = 8;
    std::cout << "is now 8: "<< _a.three <<std::endl;
    _b.three = 6;
    std::cout << "is now 6: "<< _a.three <<std::endl;
    return 0;
}

Function overriding in C++ is a concept by which you can define a function of the same name and the same function 
signature (parameters and their data types) in both the base class and derived class with a different function definition. 
It redefines a function of the base class inside the derived class, which overrides the base class function. Function overriding 
is an implementation of the run-time polymorphism. So, it overrides the function at the run-time of the program.  

Pure Virtual functions
All derived class must redefine pure virtual function of base class otherwise derived 
class also becomes abstract just like base class

If derived class do not redefine virtual function of base class, then no compilation
 error but derived class also becomes abstract just like the base class.

Virtual functions
Base class having virtual function can be instantiated i.e. its object can be made.
If derived class do not redefine virtual function of base class, then it does not affect compilation.

Abstaction IS
means displaying only essential information and hiding the details. Data abstraction refers to providing only 
essential information about the data to the outside world, hiding the background details or implementation.

So we could usually do this by creating a class that has priavte varibles and have public functions that use those varibles
so when someone uses are class they can use the private varibles but they can use the function that does use the private varibles.

Abstact class
The C++ interfaces are implemented using abstract classes and these abstract classes should not be confused with data abstraction
 which is a concept of keeping implementation details separate from associated data.

A class is made abstract by declaring at least one of its functions as pure virtual function.
 A pure virtual function is specified by placing "= 0" in its declaration as follows âˆ’

The purpose of an abstract class (often referred to as an ABC) is to provide an appropriate base class from which other classes can inherit.
 Abstract classes cannot be used to instantiate objects and serves only as an interface. Attempting to 
instantiate an object of an abstract class causes a compilation error.

What is a abstract class
an abstact class is a class with at least one pure virtual function. With the pure virtual
you can implent code in like you would with a virtual function
when your class inheits a abstract class it needs to make its own implention of its pure virtual function or you will end up in a complation error


what is differnce between interface and abstact class

abstarct class can have regular functions that implent code as well as pure virtual functions inside of it
where as a interface usually only tend to have pure virtual functions only



what does "THIS" do
 explicitly marks the object members. this->age 
instead of_age